there is one conversation that no longer
should be had will be had what we saw
last night on the world stage what I saw
with my own two eyes last night was the
minting of a goat
great is the best local memories
Tom Brady is been trading football
player in the 1978 Israel of the NFL it
needs to go I would have been the best
already said what he pulled off last
night was flat-out impossible
okay I'm a college coach I haven't seen
any tape of you I don't know anything
about you tell me about Tom Brady the
quarterback what are your strengths my
strengths everybody does that pretty
strong arm which is pretty accurate with
it and think I need to work on my speed
a little bit but hopefully that'll come
in time pretty good work ethic so I
think I get the job done at the combine
when you watch Tom you saw this tall
gangly looking kid look like having ever
seen a weight room ran a 5-2 something
one of the slowest quarterbacks in the
convoy does he while you throw in the
ball there was some other guys I could
shoot it and he had just an OK on his 40
time and that vertical jump in 32 years
of doing this we talked about 576 four
packs he was
we're in the draft room goes the fifth
round we already had three quarterbacks
at the time we had just signed our
number one quarterback to a blood so for
a lot of money
belcheck walk up the board to send a
wireless Brady's still on the board
bottom of the six the end of the sixth
round and we talked about the teams and
what they're looking for for the players
who are waiting to see if they will be
drafted this is the draft report on you
basically it goes poor billed skinny
lacks great physical stature and
strength lacks mobility and ability to
avoid the brush lacks a really strong
arm can't drive the ball downfield does
not throw a roy tight spiral system type
player who can get exposed if forced to
add lifts and gets knocked down easily
I can't stand and brought it again all
up and run it again break the skinny
being pulled the young man walked over
me and said hi mr. Kraft I want to
introduce myself I'm Tom Brady I said I
know who you are you're a six round
draft choice and I always remember he
looked me like a laser eye dog
they say that's right
the best decision this organization has
ever made
[Music]
they're gonna actually it looks like
they're gonna roll that a fumble and
look at drew yeah is he
this is with the more critical than the
first round of the Patriots hopes he was
right at my hip pocket all the time
so I figured he'd be like a tender
Brady the second-year quarterback from
the University of Michigan he'll dodge
it goes the summer long
before the first exhibition game that
that befell you enlist
what did you do in the offseason and be
what made you a better player and we're
definitely more suited to play this year
physically but more so mentally I always
felt me mentally is where the games
really wanted I had that much more than
understanding of what we're trying doing
offense hopefully it's the start of a
successful long career my job is to make
the decisions for the football team and
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna make
the best decisions I can for the
football team
they gave Bledsoe a ten year 103 million
dollar contract but but you just signed
the hundred million dollar contract the
last thing you're thinking is this sixth
round pick out of Michigan's going to
take each other no no that was last
thing on my mind
[Music]
this is to advance to the AFC
championship game
[Music]
so it's better good
the tradition in Super Bowls the team
coming
one of the highlights of a player's
career is the ability to be introduced
or the opportunity to be introduced in
that tunnel and hear your name called
out this New England Patriots football
team denying that declining on that they
wanted to be introduced unmasked as the
team because that's what's got him here
No
instead of the Patriots game pick one
in those last two
he would become I remember almost
getting strip sacked on the first play
in the cave
nine pounding
it happens so quick
lady clothes
his left
[Music]
get his llama way
poor build skinny lacks great physical
stature and strength lacks mobility and
ability to avoid the Russian lacks avoid
strong arm can't drive the ball
does not fall
spiral system type player
[Music]
and I tell anybody
physical game I've ever played
as it was to aims it was someone where
it was just the physical
just blew off and turned into the trash
trash we was talking trash right back
wait
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah yeah because we have Tom Brady
the only thing are we ever gonna see in
any of our lives mine's a dynasty like
New England every angel' he's done it
there's so many different groups of
people
yeah
[Music]
thirty seconds to play and they are
better than anything we see in the 98
year history of this week
I say we run it down
[Music]
oh wait down
Patriots claim there
championship in three years just
sustained excellence with no dips the
NFL record of the most consecutive
seasons above 500 is held by the newly
made through state of a record for most
consecutive 11 seasons held by the
newspapers blog one seasons
oh it's held by the New Zealand Patriots
13 win season oh it's held by the New
England Patriots 14 win seasons tell by
the New England Patriots and the NFL
record for most consecutive playoff
appearances is held by the New England
Patriots all in this Brady family check
[Music]
fires to the right
17 seconds away from back-to-back World
Championships for the Patriot
[Music]
[Applause]
I do I think he's the greatest that ever
played the game and I think he's the
greatest that's that's
Sport the Patriots and Raiders making it
official Oakland sending disgruntled yet
talented wide receiver Randy Moss to New
England for a fourth-round draft pick
[Applause]
why is Brady the most hated
oh he's important to know as the
Patriots my attitude is all
[Music]
doing something and you got a bottle
with it why can't you learn to emulate
they're doing something right I'm gonna
give them credit where credit is due
today or see chances of game
now why are people hating on Tom Brady
what's the big picture the reason is
simply he's the go he's the greatest of
all time Ayman heavy lies the head that
wears the crown that's how it goes the
other way is that were and you are still
active
people hate
supposedly
polarize and so he attracts attention
and therefore some hatred people hate
the greatest assets of Michael Jordan
that happened to Muhammad Ali when they
were still at their best this is how it
goes it's how he's done it it's that
he's the sixth round draft pick it's
that he's self-made greatness that's the
one form of greatness
we can't forgive
[Applause]
you know what's at stake the Patriots 18
and OH on the season drying for the
second perfect season in NFL history
this is an ancient stream from olden
times okay
it is the story of David versus Goliath
7:3
seven the Giants leading here in the
fourth quarter
when you're thinking okay hey we've got
a go score up here in the end somehow
someway we did by the way to win again
Tom Brady has 28 career game-winning
drives to leave his
victory
three Super Bowls that is one name
you
methodical Drive put together by the
game's best top rating here comes a lie
man
to answer tom where
[Applause]
I agree with you about it it was very
very lucky it came down to that play
stays on his feet
here's it out
by Tyler
the Patriots got robbed by the luckiest
play in NFL history Tyree managed to
pennant against the side of his helmet
that stink is the perfect season inside
the 40
39 seconds one
there's a lot of people that know what
it feels like to lose there's 53 men and
one single coaching staff that knows
what it's like to lose a Super Bowl when
you were on the verge of Knight
[Music]
a rematch of Super Bowl 42 Tom Brady is
under the most pressure of his entire
NFL career his legacy teeters on Sunday
night in this Super Bowl
because if he has another unbraid game
another Ravens game I think he
officially becomes overrated
lady calling signals takes the stack as
protection
pattern of the 20
of the Giants Welker could not hang on
wall went behind him
today doing the ball touches your hand
not just one hand to hand that supposed
to be
[Music]
four to go you think the patients in
Blenheim score got it
it's down to an elephant re the 2011
season in Super Bowl 46 it's now
[Music]
why won't you look at these stats okay
so I got it bottom line is bottom line
not will not win a single never win
another that would get to another super
girl ever gift you know you saw this
fashion show so we are Super Bowl and as
he turns 35 he's definitely I'm quoting
you here he's on the down side of his
career I want you to say that as he
turns 35 Tom when he's on the down side
of his career and and if you asked me
and feel ever get to another Super Ball
have one answer no way no how
if he never wins again if he plays
another five or six years and never wins
another Super Bowl would you think his
career faded at the end yeah I would
give you that okay not gonna happen
[Music]
Brady will go from being elite maybe
he's still the best - Tecna can no
longer play effectively in the NFL it's
going to happen in an eye blink either
this year or next Tom Brady wasn't
something happens every year
find that six around quarterback of all
brain is going to
to the right
just about done
his next game he plays it could be a
year
now but he is going to fall off of his
lifts
[Music]
Oh
No
I think it's a much safer bet to imagine
that he is gonna fall off the cliff when
I always style
see
that a team had ever overcome but ten
points don't worry
branding the patrons looking for
the lead here at Super Bowl
6:52 to go
[Applause]
- cuz you
have you got to carry water
big deep the signature play of the last
the game's on the line he has no fear
[Music]
midway through the fourth quarter Tom
Brady had a chance to cement his place
get a big championship try that's all we
need scared to death that's why I'm
calling this an upset that's why I'm
saying Brady is going to have to be
every bitch Tom Brady at his great
esteem had ever overcome a 10-point
fourth-quarter deficit to win a Super
Bowl
gonna go
[Music]
fantasy game but it's good under a
minute
[Music]
are you fucking kidding me
it's
all indeed come on Dee
like this
this was the scene of the camper
[Music]
six
couple playoff games and it comes down
to one tip bald it falls on the ground
there's somebody who's lying on his back
[Applause]
1:06 to play
hustle under center Deann
and on the way one has to think about
taking a timeout
[Applause]
me
[Music]
that receivers due to the rock Russell
Wilson tense the hands he has Wilson
quick throw
how upset were you to get the fourth
title but it's been a long journey
fifteen years and we've had a couple
tough losses in this game
this one came down at the end and this
[Applause]
Patriots players were asked throughout
the week at Brady's Playboy back for our
time we have Bill Belichick is the
greatest head coach of all time the
answer is yes and yes absolutely yes
[Music]
it was the greatest Super Bowl I've ever
seen in person arguably the greatest
Super Bowl in the history of the sport
maybe the greatest sporting event we've
ever seen
Falcons of Patriots a scoreless Craven
and 1aqaq touchdown
[Applause]
a betrayal to tweak 12 now facing a 7
nothing else
[Applause]
we gotta get a touchdown here boys let's
go gotta pick this up this is the most
critical drive at the season
Falcons overload the right side of the
Patriots offensive line
late in the second quarter that made it
nothing I said game over there's no way
the Falcons are too explosive on offense
they're gonna have the ball too many
times in the second half
there's no way Grady can pull that off
too many left it's West they get too
many guys to pay attention to so when he
goes home he's been doing it for almost
ten days
you gotta click in the same
[Applause]
[Music]
so it's a fight
that plagues a promoter top for
everything he's click to find where no
weaknesses
and so for him he's always had fuel for
motivation because he was a six-round
trap sure you can't understand why these
teams were surprised
[Applause]
first hit conversion Hamidullah
pounds inside before what did they
possess besides the ugly 40 time that he
dreamed
down and eight
[Music]
say how will you be the path you must
study a mess
how could what did they see in them that
they didn't see in him just across the
goal line touchdown Patriots
[Music]
he's 39 years old in a week
quarterbacks in the history of
with 3,000 yards forget about my 3,000
yards at the age of 40
fifteen minutes
you know pains NFL royalty tom was not
drafted in the first round that's well
documented later in the draft didn't
even start was often polled at
so he had a different pastor
now it's time for somebody on the
defensive side to make the play to get
the map
the shotgun I'm Fisher in Atlanta
[Music]
[Applause]
this is a fumble Patriots sake Brian and
recovering at the 25 we got a ball game
now I've never seen anything like this
this was the most amazing game I've ever
witnessed family boys
[Music]
[Applause]
there's no way because the New England
Patriots of Tom Brady and Bill Belichick
were all-time bad followed by all-time
great
just doesn't I don't even know how he
just does it
[Music]
James White
[Applause]
[Music]
I was like oh my god everything in super
bowl enough
jobs on the sidelines in a position
field-goal makes the task
did you
[Music]
what we're watching right now is never
happened and it is absolutely the most
impressive thing I've ever seen I've
never seen anything like this in pro
sport being a dynasty in the National
Football League is like being a
billionaire in a socialist country it's
not designed to work that way he's the
goat he's the greatest of all time
Adelman comes down for the football
- you say
here's human dog
as much as I'm the 49er fan and as much
as if I have a loyal allegiance to Joe
Montana this this guy is the greatest of
all time
comes down to this one it's to point
right I'm for doing you can't say
anything or even I cannot believe what
I'm witnessing I believe that last night
Tom Blaney didn't just against the great
Joe Montana within the confines of
Superbowl in NFL I believe last night
Tom Brady eclipse Michael Jordan as the
greatest clutch player in all of sports
history
it is heads the first ever overtime in
Super Bowl history touchdown wins it for
the Patriots let's go boys
[Applause]
is is there is that bitterness still
remained would you call it
competitiveness chip-on-the-shoulder
bring pumps I've never seen anything
like this what I saw last night maybe
the greatest performance I've ever seen
and Collinwood image it goes pretty cool
not bad for a sixth round pick when I
see him tearing us about talking about
his name feeling like they had to
validate themselves for Roger Goodell or
feeling like they had to avenge anything
for Roger Goodell this was about Brady
having this enroll this was it I
couldn't see I have nothing to say
there's the greatest performance I've
ever seen
[Applause]
the guy the guy is the most accomplished
quarterback in NFL history and he filled
us carry that chip on his shoulder it
carried it around his entire career it
driven him it's what made him great
[Music]
greatest abyss of all time
I've put the best ready I do I think
he's the greatest innovation last night
is flat-out impossible that was the most
compatible comeback in all of sports
history but what we saw last night is a
conversation ender as to who the
greatest quarterback in the history of
the National Football League is but in
the end Tom Brady managed to the beat
Roger Goodell by not only saving his
legacy that Roger attempted to tarnish
of contract but he enhanced it last
night by starting off so poorly and
finishing so all-time great I think we
found out this
[Music]
let's say
I swear
[Applause]
[Music]
Tom Brady Brady football player in the
97 year history of the NFL
[Music]
he's the greatest of all time
we're down down
[Music]